1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical jargon) of each problem
in no more than 100 words.

Problem 1 (Name and Age): ...

For problem 1 had the arguments input with a string with proper spacing and required text
Problem 2 (Greet Three): ...
For problem 2 I added all the strings together and had it printout with given input

Problem 3 (Day of the Week): ...
Used Variables that were supplied by the problem, using the given variable names as well.
Wrote the same equation pieces to get the desired answer, as well as added int(integer) to insure that no floating decimal points were added
I then used the given equations to solve for the desired output

Problem 4 (Three Sort): ...
Used sys.argv to get argument from user.
Used Max and Min function to get the Max and Min Variables/Integers
To find the Middle number I simply added all the given integers together
I then subtracted both the largest and smallest integers from the sum to find the Middle number

Problem 5 (Body Mass Index): ...
Used float as per hw instructions
I then did w(weight)*h(height)^2
To find the total bmi
I then printed the answer

Problem 6 (Wind Chill): ...
Used the given variables by problem to store given arguments by user
Then used the given equation to solve for wind chill

Problem 7 (Gravitational Force): ...
Used the same variables the problem called for to store argument from user.
I then wrote a seperate calculation for G and made sure to find it as a float
To ensure answer would contain decimal places.
I then wrote out the equation in a way that the computer could properly solve

Problem 8 (Gambler's Ruin): ...
Used the given variables
Then calculated the players probabilities by using the equations given
Ensuring proper format for the program to solve
Used the str function to convert the integers to strings
I then add them together with proper spacing to aquire desired output

Problem 9 (Waiting Time): ...
Used the given variables to store user input
used the math.e function to get log in the equation
then squared using the proper variables
Then had answer output using stdio.write

Problem 10 (Cartesian Coordinates): ...
Got User input and converted to a float to grab decimal points if included
Then used math.radians to convert user argument into radiant
Used Given equations to solve for answer
Printed using str to convert to a string and add proper spacing

Problem 11 (Great Circle Distance): ...
Had to convert all user arguments to radians using the math function math.radians
Then added float function to ensure all decimals included
Then used given equation to get answer
Using proper spacing and format to ensure program properly solved

Problem 12 (Snell's Law): ...
Used the math.radians to convert argument to radiant
Then used given equation to solve
Used math.degree function to convert answer to degrees

Problem 13 (Uniform Random Numbers): ...
Used random.uniform to generate a random floating point number(Includes decimal point numbers)
Then used given equation to solve problem
Then using str to convert integers to string, and display answer with proper spacing

Problem 14 (Die Roll): ...
Used n as the variable to grab argument from User
Made sure to convert to an int(integer)
Used random.uniform to generate random integer.
Added both together to get answer making sure to convert to int

Problem 15 (Triangle Inequality): ...
Used a, b, c to grab argument from user
Used an if statement to check to if two of the numbers are less than or equal to the other one
As well as vice versa
If less than or equal to had it print True
using an else statement printed False if not True

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------

...                    ...              ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

I learned alot about different type of functions that were stored in the imported libraries which was super interesting
but also very challenging. 
...
